Timothy's Software Firm
Welcome to the project repository for Timothy's Software Firm Online Client Servicing and Management Platform.

Project Overview
This project is a website designed to help Timothy, a recent graduate, start his software firm. The website allows clients to:

View services offered
Book a service
Make enquiries
Manage client information and payments

Technologies Used
HTML: For structuring the web pages.
CSS: For styling the web pages.
JavaScript: For adding interactivity to the web pages.
Node.js: For backend server functionality (handled by server.js).

Project Structure
index.html: The main HTML file for the website.
styles.css: Contains all CSS styles for the website.
script.js: Contains JavaScript code for interactivity.
server.js: Node.js server file for handling backend logic.


How to Use
Clone the Repository
git clone https://github.com/username/repository-name.git
cd repository-name
Install Dependencies Ensure you have Node.js installed. Install the necessary npm packages:

npm install
Run the Server Start the server to run the website locally:
node server.js
The website will be available at http://localhost:3000.
Open in Browser Navigate to http://localhost:3000 in your web browser to view the website.

Features
Service Viewing: Users can view the list of services offered.
Service Booking: Clients can book a service through the booking form.
Enquiries: Clients can make enquiries using the contact form.
Client Management: Manage client information and payment details.
CSS Code Explanation
.notification: Styles for notifications that appear on the website.
body: General styling for the body, including font and background color.
header: Styling for the website's header section.
nav: Styles for the navigation menu.
section: Styling for content sections.
form: Styling for forms, including input fields and buttons.
.payment-methods and .payment-info: Styles specific to the payment methods section and payment information.
JavaScript Code Explanation
Client Management: JavaScript code dynamically updates the client list displayed on the webpage. The displayClients function creates and appends client information to the client list.
Form Handling: JavaScript handles form submissions, prevents default behavior, and provides feedback through alerts.
Server.js
The server.js file sets up an Express.js server that serves the website and handles backend operations.

Contributing
Feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests. For major changes, please open an issue to discuss before making changes.

License
This project is original work.

Acknowledgements
Thanks to the contributors and libraries used in the development of this project.
